`azurerm_private_endpoint`: Adding example configurations on how to connect a `azurerm_private_endpoint` to various endpoint services (#6887)
terraform-providers/terraform-provider-azurerm: examples/private_endpoint/cosmosDb/README.md

## Example: Private Endpoint

> This example provisions a Private Endpoint which connects to a Cosmos MongoDB within Azure.

Reviewer: might be worth making this:

```suggestion
This example provisions a Private Endpoint in Azure connected to a CosmosDB Account configured with MongoDB.
```
